NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
TYNE:
What the hell
happened last night?
ROOSEVELT:
Teller indicated it was about
ending a relationship.
My guess,
he pissed off his supplier.
IRA. They love
to blow up shit.
The council is prepared to offer
you terms for your betrayal.
Clay will be handling
the distribution of our guns
in Northern California.
You wanted out,
that includes profit as well.
I'll cut Connor
and your other guys loose.
They're still alive.
I told you, I didn't want a war.
I might need your help.
I'm filing for divorce.
Asking for full custody.
Who gets the boys
if you go inside?
Hey. I heard about
the explosion.
Is everyone
else okay? Gemma?
Check up on her.
Build the trust.
Yeah, okay.
What's your connection
to Nero?
Nero was the one
who took me in.
Kept the wolves
from my door.
I know you want to find leverage
to tie Nero and the Sons
to your school shooting.
But he did not kill
Erin Byrne.
We won't know that
until we get the DNA.
Padilla gets processed.
Murder charge sticks.
Time to go hood,
sister.
Tell your lawyer I'm moving
up the trial three weeks.
And I'll be prosecuting
the case myself.
See you in court, doctor.
TARA:
I gotta get out of here, Jax.
It's just too much anxiety
in my first trimester.
You've been recruiting
for Samcro?
Yeah. Quinn, Montez and West.
Because I love this club.
And I love you.
[FRANKY PEREZ
AND THE FOREST RANGERS'
"LOVE IS MY RELIGION" PLAYING]
♪ All my days
I have been searchin' ♪
♪ To find out
What this life is worth ♪
♪ Through the books
And bibles of time ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ I don't condemn
I don't convert ♪
♪ This is a calling
Have you heard? ♪
♪ Bring all the lovers
To the fort ♪
♪ 'Cause no one
Is gonna lose their soul ♪
♪ Love is my religion ♪
♪ Now you can take it
Or leave it ♪
♪ You don't have
To believe it ♪
♪ I don't want to fight ♪
♪ Hey, let's go
Fly a kite ♪
♪ Oh, there's nothing
We can't cure ♪
♪ And I'll keep you
In my arms for sure ♪
♪ So don't let
Nobody stop us ♪
♪ Free spirits
Have to soar ♪
♪ With you
I share this gift ♪
♪ The gift
That we now know ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Love is my religion ♪
♪ Yes, it is ♪
♪ You can take it
Or leave it ♪
♪ You don't have
To believe it ♪
♪ Love is my religion ♪
♪ Yes, it is ♪
♪ And I'll take you
To the temple tonight ♪
JAX:
Three months, up front.
Appreciate you letting us
set up here.
How long do you need it?
I'm not sure.
Still don't know if we're gonna
be able to rebuild at T-M.
Might be a total teardown.
Bombs will do that.
The whole town
is spooked, Jax.
There's a council meeting
next week.
Folks are talking about
how to get rid of the MC.
Good thing
the mayor has veto power.
Yeah, for a minute.
Shit went down
with Charming Heights.
I'm done after this term.
That means you got, uh,
about three months
to buy some good will.
I know.
If this block
wasn't half-empty,
I'd never be able
to get you in here.
BOBBY:
It's half-empty because
you're buying them all out
for 50 cents
on the dollar.
So who's the real
bad guy here?
Yeah, might be me.
I thought I was bringing
opportunity to the city.
JAX:
Where are we at
with our opportunity?
We'd be breaking ground
next month
if Damon Pope
hadn't been murdered.
By your president.
No. Former president.
Pope Enterprises
is still on board.
Yeah, but the transfer of power
has slowed everything down.
Your maintenance contracts
don't kick in
until the
equipment's rolling.
And that might be
another six months.
Okay.
Thanks.
[QUICK KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Hi.
Those the files?
Yes. This should be everything.
Okay.
Oh.
Thank you.
You okay?
Yeah.
I'm sorry about the trial.
Pushed up everything.
It's moving so fast.
It's okay.
Thank you.
I know
I've put a lot on you.
Things I've had
no right to ask.
We've been through
a lot together, Tara.
I know you.
I have been where you are.
I thought a lot
about this last night
and I can imagine how extreme
it must feel to you.
But you have to stay focused
on the big picture.
Dire circumstances
require desperate measures.
Yes, they do.
[CHATTERING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS]
Watch out. Watch out.
Be careful.
Jax, I think
we're close.
Let's do it.
Let's set up.
Home is where
the reaper is.
Let's get
the guys up here.
BOBBY:
Yeah.
Ms. Rodriguez, I assume
you've fully explained
the charge
to your client?
I think
we're all up to speed.
You think?
It's not
that complicated.
A young prostitute
turns up dead--
Escort.
TYNE: Yes.
DNA evidence found
in his truck.
RODRIGUEZ:
The physical evidence
doesn't match up
with my client's whereabouts
at the time.
We have alibis,
including a priest.
Ah, and a biker queen.
They cancel each other out,
don't you think?
RODRIGUEZ:
Hm, are you here
to make an offer,
or you just gonna
insult Mr. Padilla?
Your client
is a repeat felon.
His rapsheet is filled
with gangbanging,
assault, drug charges--
All of which happened
more than a decade ago.
Yes.
Now he's a legitimate
businessman.
Running a brothel that fronts
as an escort service.
Everything I do is legal.
Even murder?
I didn't kill her.
Enough. We're done here.
TYNE: No, we're not.
I'm willing to trade your murder
for five others.
I want Jax Teller
and the Sons of Anarchy.
Testify that the MC
sold you the KG-9
that wound up in the hands
of Matthew Jennings
and you'll walk away.
Back to your
legit business.
And more importantly,
your son.
This will be my one and
only offer. You have 24 hours.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR
THEN SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
Welcome to
the new clubhouse.
I wanted our first order
of business
to be voting
in our new patches.
Before I do that,
I think it's only fair they know
exactly where the club is at.
As far as the Irish go,
it looks like
the peace is real.
We're gonna cut Connor
loose today.
Make sure everything moves
forward with Clay.
Bobby can walk us
through our sad financials.
They are pretty sad,
I'm afraid.
It's gonna be a while
before we get the green light
to open T-M.
And once we do,
my guess is it's gonna be
pretty slow for a while.
As far as
the maintenance contract
for Charming Heights goes,
looks like that is not
gonna happen until the fall.
So we have Diosa.
It helps.
But we are paying Nero back
straight out of the profits,
so just ain't putting
out much.
Colette and her girls
are a little spooked
by Nero's bullshit arrest.
So the Diosa expansion
in Stockton's on hold
until I can convince her
otherwise.
Let's just keep looking
for ways to earn
that don't put us
in the fire.
If you guys come up
with any ideas,
please, bring them
to the table.
You guys good
with all that?
Good.
Yeah. I get it.
I'm good, brother.
Okay. Allesandro Montez,
Orlin West, Rane Quinn.
Letters are good.
They're free
to jump charters.
All in favor of making these
three men Redwood Original.
Yeah!
ALL: Yeah!
Opposed?
Welcome to Samcro, boys.
Yeah!
[CHATTERING]
Yeah.
Nice work.
Quinn, welcome
to the Crow, man.
CHIBS:
Quinn.
Brother.
Welcome, brother.
JAX:
There's one more name
I wanna put on the table.
Rat Boy. It's been
almost a year
since he put on
the prospect patch.
I think he's shown us a lot.
He's smart, he's loyal,
fearless, works like a dog.
And unlike you gossip whores,
he knows when to shut up.
[ALL CHUCKLING]
As his sponsor, I think
he deserves a full patch.
So all in favor
of making George Skogstrom
a member
of Redwood Original.
Yeah!
ALL: Yeah!
Opposed?
Go get him.
TIG:
Hey, Rat!
Hey! Get your
skinny ass up here!
Yeah?
[DOOR CLOSES]
Sit down.
At the table?
No, on my dick.
Yeah, at the table.
Take off the cut.
On the table.
I need you to cut off
that prospect rocker.
CHIBS:
Hey.
Replace it with this,
young brother.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Yeah!
You ready? You ready?
JAX: You're in, son.
Thanks, brother.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
You know my VP, Chibs.
CHIBS: Hey, how you doing?
Bobby Munson,
my consigliere.
Good to see
all you again, gentlemen.
BOBBY:
You too.
AUGUST:
Glad everyone's whole.
You weren't kidding about things
getting messy with the Irish.
Yeah, we were lucky.
Well, what happened?
Historical shit.
They are very pissed off.
Losing distribution?
Yeah.
And my suggestion
about how to fill the void.
Heh, I guess the Irish Kings
aren't as racially open-minded
as the MC.
JAX: Yeah.
Aye, something like that.
How do we fix that problem?
We're working on something.
I'll bring you in the loop
as soon as I know more.
[CAR DOOR OPENS]
Connor Malone.
Irish number two, stateside.
AUGUST: Cutting his ass loose?
JAX: Yeah.
Tired of blood
for blood.
You're learning, son.
Yes, he is.
[AUGUST CHUCKLES]
I'll wait to hear
from you.
Good luck.
Pretty soon.
How'd that go?
JAX: He understands.
For now.
[CAR DOORS CLOSING]
I'm sending you home.
[SIGHS]
My guys will drive you
up the coast.
Kings are sending someone
to meet you in Mendocino.
I'm glad to hear that.
August Marks.
One of the reasons your crew
tried to blow us to hell.
Tell Galen
I'm honoring his demands.
We'll run the guns
through Clay.
But we all know
that plan is a risk.
If it falls through,
I want the Kings to know
that Marks is still willing
to distribute.
Tell them that.
Aye.
I'll pass it along.
You two. Make sure
they get there whole.
JUICE:
We will.
HAPPY: See you tomorrow, boys.
Let's go.
Filip.
Thank you.
Don't thank me, Con.
I want you dead.
He's the reason
you're alive.
JUICE:
Let's go.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Your lawyer offer
any hope?
[CHATTERING]
She's advising me
to take a deal.
She said proving that
I was set up is, uh,
a fight that I probably
can't win or afford.
Shit.
What's the deal
she wants you to take?
What do you think?
Patterson wants
the gun source.
Got a day to decide.
What you gonna do?
GUARD:
Padilla, one minute.
I'm gonna think about you.
New perfume? Heh.
[LAUGHS]
Oh.
No. Not mine.
It's a friend of yours.
Venus.
She came by Diosa--
Oh, you met my girl, ha, ha.
She came by with a client?
No. A shiner.
She got some kind of
family problems. Her mother.
Alice? Shit. What now?
Oh, honey, you've got enough
on your plate.
No. Venus, she's familia.
What happened, Gem?
Oh, I guess, um,
Alice got custody
of Venus' nephew,
and she's worried
about the kid.
Her nephew?
Yeah. Joey.
NERO: Oh.
GUARD: Time's up, Padilla.
Jesus Christ, that's...
GUARD: Let's go.
Watch it.
Gemma, you gotta get that
kid away from Alice. Okay?
She's bad.
She's gonna hurt that boy.
GUARD:
Let's go!
Seriously,
ask Jax to help Venus.
Okay? You do that
for me?
Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
MAN: Come on.
Please.
DNA from Toric's room
could be back
as early
as tomorrow afternoon.
Nero's lawyer
will be all over it.
I'll press the O.G.
for his decision before then.
You think he'll bend?
I doubt it.
Didn't factor in
Teller's mother.
Ties are twisted tight
in that bunch.
Doctor won't budge, either.
Need someone from outside
the family circle.
You know, I followed
Teller and Padilla to a house
in Stockton the other day.
Seaport. Bumped into
an ex-cop, Barosky.
Oh. What
did that shark want?
He wasn't too happy that
I was cruising the block.
I think he was headed
to the same house.
He runs the port, doesn't he?
He thinks he does.
Charlie Barosky is a product
of every slimy loophole
in our criminal
justice system.
Look into him.
Maybe there's a connection
with MC or the Byzlats.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
Oh.
Maybe she's here
for the banana split.
Hi, baby.
Why?
She came to Diosa
looking for Nero.
Family problem.
She needs help.
JAX:
Then let her family handle it.
Nero is inside
because of us, Jax.
He asked us to help her.
We owe him.
Mom, we are on
everyone's radar right now.
We gotta keep
the circle closed.
She's in trouble.
Venus is like family
to Nero.
And he's family to me.
So just hear her out.
So I have this nephew.
He's 15 years old,
he's a sensitive thing.
His mother passed
while I was away,
and I've just become aware--
Wait. Your sister?
Yes, my sister, Lula.
And the boy, Joey,
um, has fallen
into the very precarious care
of my mother, Alice.
She unfortunately was documented
as the next of kin.
Yeah, Nero says
she's really bad news.
Alice is a 24-hour network
of bad news.
Abuse abounds within the walls
of that house.
BOBBY:
What kind of abuse?
Um, the kind
that never leaves you.
Ah, I was, um,
10 years old
when my inclinations began
to dominate my gender direction.
And my mother, Alice,
she would get me drunk,
and, um...
And lovingly try to, uh,
straighten me out, heh.
Um, I...
Her husband at the time
began filming the experiment.
[SOBBING]
And, uh, that's when
it all began.
I was, um,
before long, having more sex
than my hooker mama.
And, uh, in turn helped her
launch a very, very
lucrative child
pornography service.
Needless to say,
young Vincent Noon
did not want to host
many slumber parties
when he was a child.
Ah, Jesus Christ.
I tried to reason
with my dear mother yesterday
in hopes of getting
Joey out of there.
But I did not possess
the adequate resources
to convince her.
How big
is your mother?
Oh, she's of
a similar build.
Although gravity
has not been her friend.
It was her latest spousal
diversion, however,
who showed me the door.
Miss Alice has the uncanny
ability of attracting consorts
who are equal parts
dim and dangerous.
Do dim and dangerous
have friends?
VENUS:
A few.
Of equal size
and intelligence.
So, darling, what should
we do with your nephew
once we get him out?
He can emancipate
in a few months.
And I have some
dear friends in Seattle
who can watch him
until then.
Boys, I'm sorry, but I'm...
I'm literally at your mercy.
[VENUS SOBBING]
Hey.
I guess I'm just a sucker
for a pretty face.
Oh, Jackson.
Jackson, thank you.
Thank you so much.
LOWEN:
It would deny Gemma
any kind of custody
or unsupervised visitation.
Can she fight this?
She can try.
Some of it's
creative language,
but most is based
on legal precedent.
If the parents deem
a grandparent unfit
they can petition
for their exclusion
from the
child's upbringing.
Good.
This has no weight without
the signatures of both parents.
I know.
And, uh, you think
Jax will sign it?
Yes, I do.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Oh, hey, doc.
Hi.
Sorry I didn't know you were--
TARA: No, it's okay.
UNSER: Hello, counselor.
Mr. Unser.
If you need anything,
leave me a message.
I'll be in court
the rest of the day.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming by.
Oh, yeah, sure.
How can I help you,
sweetheart?
Come on.
I'm gonna go check
on the boys.
Okay.
You still friends
with that city clerk in Lodi?
Yeah.
Why?
I need to get
a restraining order.
BAROSKY: Thank you, Roda.
RODA: You're welcome.
Fresh baked.
Thanks. Glad to see
you're up and running.
Heard about
the drive-by.
Yeah. Thank God that
kind of shit is a rarity
in this neighborhood.
Ha, ha. That's right.
Thanks to you.
Charlie supplements
his retirement funds
by acting as a bit
of a regulator.
I'm a river to my people.
Do those people include
Jax Teller and Nero Padilla?
[JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
What do you want?
Padilla was arrested
yesterday
for the murder
of one of his girls.
And I know Teller's
crew supplied the KG-9
that was used
at the Aquino shooting.
Why you talking to me?
TYNE: Come on.
You might have been dirty,
but you were a very smart cop.
There's no direct line
to the MC. I need leverage.
So press the O.G.
ROOSEVELT:
Right now, he's feeling
a little loyal.
TYNE:
We checked the city records,
found out about
Diosa del Sur.
Padilla and Teller applied for
an escort license in your hood.
ROOSEVELT:
At the house I saw them
at the other day.
I'm aware. That don't mean
I'm involved.
TYNE:
Then get involved.
Because I need something
and you're gonna get it for me.
Really? Now how the hell
am I gonna do that?
Because you're a scumbag.
You'll have no problem
finding dirt.
And if you don't,
I'm gonna spend
my ever-dwindling resources
inconveniencing every last one
of your retirement funds.
[DOOR OPENS, BELL JINGLES]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Hey. Wait here.
Lead the way.
I hate this house.
Come here, darling.
[SNIFFS]
You're a very
kind person, Gemma.
[SIGHS]
Thank you.
MAN: Oh, Christ.
No, no, no, Fabio.
Lady wants a word.
We're here for Joey.
MAN:
Alice!
VENUS: Hey, Joey.
Tranny's back.
Heya, Venus.
MAN: Brought some friends.
Alice!
What are you playing?
Stop shouting.
I can hear you.
[GUNFIRE SOUNDS IN GAME ON T.V.]
Oh, Lord Jesus.
Are we really gonna play
this game, Vincent?
Joey, go to your room.
Why?
Do what your grandma says.
VENUS:
Joey, you need to come with me.
I'm supposed to be staying
with Grandma.
Please, sweetheart, this is
not a safe place for you.
Don't listen
to the mutation, Joey.
It'll fill your head
with lies.
VENUS:
I'm telling you the truth.
Okay, baby?
I want you to take
my hand. We need to go.
Aunt Venus
will explain everything.
Be very careful,
Aunt Venus.
Telling the truth, that can
unravel so many ugly things.
Mama, don't.
Please.
Don't do this today.
Not here, please.
[GRUNTS]
VENUS: Don't you ever touch me.
Back off!
Gun!
[PUTA MADRE BROTHERS' "GRANDES
PELOTAS DEL FUEGO" PLAYING]
Grandma, what was that?
Why does he have a gun?
ALICE:
Shut up and move.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
Where we going?
ROD: Get off of me.
Stay, or I'll cut you.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
Boys, stop it.
She's getting away.
Let's go!
You ain't ever getting your
son back, you ladyboy freak.
What's he talking about?
Will you go, please?
Just go.
Go left.
JAX:
The truth. Now.
His mother, Lula,
she was my best friend.
I was 21 and still discovering
my womanhood
when we both got drunk
and coiled into a clumsy act
of confused love.
Joey was the result.
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
[♪♪♪]
Lula raised him
in Seattle.
I would send money
every month.
Aunt Venus would visit
whenever she could.
Why didn't you tell us
he was your son?
An agreement we both accepted.
We didn't want him to know.
He is your son.
I'm aware.
Oh, let's go, let's go.
Look, he's a boy
with some troubles.
A bit of
a half-formed soul.
Confusing him with the reality
of his father turned auntie
didn't seem like
the right thing to do. Aah!
Goddamn it.
Jesus Christ.
Venus.
Ha!
Go, now!
I'm sorry.
The hell, baby?
Shit.
CHIBS: Are you okay?
Yeah.
Mom, are you all right?
Yeah, I think so.
CHIBS: How you doing, darling?
Overheated, but in one piece.
What the hell
is the matter with you?
I'm sorry, Jackson.
I'm afraid Vincent's rage
has become uncorked.
Well, at the risk
of where this might go,
please put the cork back in.
Okay.
GEMMA:
We better get out of here.
They lost a plate.
Call Barosky, see if
he can pull an address.
TIG:
Because...?
We lost Alice, it's the
only chance we're gonna get
at finding this kid.
You mean you're still gonna
help me even after all that?
No more Vincent.
I promise. I promise.
JAX:
You take Gemma home.
We'll see
if this goes anywhere.
You sure?
JAX: Yeah.
All right, you keep
my boys safe.
I will, sweet mama.
Thank you, Gemma.
Thank you.
BOBBY:
Come on, let's go, sweetheart.
[SIGHS]
Not quite the day
you were expecting, eh, boss?
Uh, no, brother, it's not.
Ha, ha. There you go.
Let me smell.
There you go.
Oh.
[ABEL LAUGHING]
Do you like it?
Snot Joe.
Ready?
UNSER: Yeah, he likes it.
We need to do this--
Okay. I know. Just...
What?
Time for that meeting.
WENDY:
Yeah, okay.
Hey there.
Uh, everything
all right?
Yeah.
Did you have any luck?
Here's the, uh, DV-100.
Just needs the offending party's
signatures.
I'll run it back.
Thank you.
Wanna tell me who it is that,
uh, needs restraining?
I need to know
what you're doing, Tara.
You will.
It'll all make sense.
ABEL:
Bye-bye, Mommy.
I'm afraid to ask.
That's good, because I really
don't have an answer.
Registered to
Happy Carousel, Suite 119.
Do you know this place?
Happy Carousel?
Uh, no. No, but that was the
name of their portrait studio.
Jesus Christ.
Carousel is only happy
when the kids ride naked.
Three. One, two, three.
Hey, hey, hey. Venus.
VENUS:
Joey. Joey. Joey.
Joey. Joey.
Baby?
[JOEY MUMBLING]
She drugged him.
JAX: Tig, check the rooms.
Hey, baby, come on.
Aunt Venus
is here.
BAROSKY:
Editing home movies.
TIG: Do you want some water?
VENUS: Please.
Will you see if they have
a napkin or something?
Hey, baby.
CHIBS:
Jackie.
[GUNS COCKING]
TIG:
Heads up. Visitors.
CHIBS:
Come on.
CHIBS: In.
TIG: In.
Get in, you piece of shit.
In.
Hey, whoa, whoa, man. Wait.
We ain't armed.
Well, aren't you resourceful?
No, no, Venus.
What the hell?
Oh, Venus.
Come on, darling.
TIG:
Don't do it, baby.
CHIBS:
Put it down.
JAX:
You get out.
That kid is coming with us.
Get the hell out! Now!
TIG: Get out.
What are you gonna do, Vincent?
Raise him as your own?
Give him a bright future?
You too, Alice.
ALICE: When I'm ready.
You don't deserve
a son.
I had a son once.
Then he forgot
who he was,
deserted his family.
Turned into a freak
of the fringe.
You go ahead.
You tell that sweet boy
all about his daddy.
How much you love him.
Want the best for him.
It won't matter.
Because when he finds out
what you are,
he's gonna grow up
hating you.
Hating your lies.
Hating the life
you forced him into.
And hating himself.
This boy is gonna blow
his brains out
before his balls
completely drop.
Not because of me,
or his dead mama
but because of you.
The awful thing that turned out
to be his father.
[SIGHS]
ALICE [ON COMPUTER]:
Just give it a little
kiss, Tommy.
MAN:
Yeah, that's good.
It'll only hurt for a minute.
God.
Shit.
If you hadn't killed
that bitch, I would've.
What about the others?
I'll have my guys track
them down, make a hard point.
See that they never
come back here again.
You did this hood
a service.
What about her?
BAROSKY: I'll take care of it.
My treat.
Guess Handsome Jack
owes you another.
It's all clean.
I think he's starting
to wake up.
We'll take you to Diosa.
He shouldn't see any of this.
That would be best.
[SIGHS]
You should tell him
the truth.
I'm just not ready
to lose him yet.
And how do you know
you will lose him?
He finds out what you did
for him today,
he's gonna be proud
as hell of you.
That is
a very kind sentiment.
I'm afraid my lineage
suggests something else.
Jackson, my family...
We judge
and we hate.
And when we have scorched every
earth and we're all used up,
we die.
Miserably.
I had to be reborn
to escape that doom.
I just hope something
comes along
to liberate my son
from that fate.
JAX:
Yeah.
I hope so.
I'm so glad
you're back, sweetheart.
I never left, Gem.
I know. I know.
I'll see you later.
Yeah, I'll be making sundaes.
[CHUCKLES]
You waiting for me?
WENDY: Yeah.
It's Tara. You won't believe
what I found out.
What?
I asked her about the will
and this guardian shit.
She told me my commitment
to the boys was wavering.
She didn't think
I was responsible enough.
She picked another person
to become the boys' guardian.
Margaret Murphy.
Are you kidding?
That ginger gash.
And there's more, Gem. I think
she's doing something else.
Her and that bitch lawyer
are plotting something.
I think she's gonna leave Jax
and try to box us all out.
Away from our boys.
You've gotta stop her.
Where is she?
St. Thomas.
[EASY LISTENING MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
I need to talk
to you. Now.
You too, Red. Outside.
We're eating dinner.
Yeah, well, you're gonna
be eating your own teeth
in a minute. Let's go.
What the hell
is going on, Gemma?
That's exactly
what I'm trying to find out.
Where's your
lizard lawyer?
I understand
you've been busy
making arrangements
for my grandkids.
Yeah. I'm not having
this conversation with you.
You better calm down
or I'm gonna call--
Stay out of my way!
Gemma! Gemma, stop it!
WOMAN:
Somebody should call security.
[SIGHS]
Okay.
What are you doing
with Lowen?
You divorcing Jax? Planning
some kind of custody coup?
What I do with my family's
not your business.
They're my grandkids.
I'll make sure they never suffer
the same fate as their father.
Those boys will not be
raised in Charming.
They will not know this life,
and they will not know
their psychotic grandmother.
Bitch!
Evil old whore.
[SHOUTS]
[PANTING]
You're lucky
you're pregnant.
[SCREAMS]
Jesus!
MURPHY: Tara?
UNSER:
Tara.
[TARA SOBBING]
What the hell?
TARA:
She attacked me.
What are you talking about?
[TARA CRYING]
My baby.
Oh, my God.
Look what you did.
I didn't do that.
Yes, you did.
We all saw it.
WOMAN:
Dr. Knowles?
Are you okay?
Get out!
[SOBBING]
Leave me alone.
I want my husband.
I want Jax.
She's the one.
Take her out of here.
MAN:
Ma'am? Come on.
JAX:
Oh, my God.
She wouldn't let
anyone else help her.
What do you
want me to do?
Nothing.
[JOSHUA JAMES'
"CRASH THIS TRAIN" PLAYING]
JAX: Oh, my God.
♪ I hope you find
What you're lookin' for ♪
♪ When it all comes
runnin' down ♪
♪ I hope you find it painted
Black on your window ♪
♪ Or the lips
Of your lover's frown ♪
♪ 'Cause if it dies
In the cold ♪
♪ When the clouds
Start to roll ♪
♪ Is it then
That your soul ♪
♪ Starts to bleed? ♪
♪ Have you ever seen
The president ♪
♪ Who killed
Your wounded child? ♪
♪ Or the man that crashed
Your sister's plane ♪
♪ Claimin' he was sent
Of God? ♪
♪ When she died
In your arms ♪
♪ Late that night
In the dark ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
♪ Did you pray to your God
To come home? ♪
♪ 'Cause it ain't fair
To say ♪
♪ That these tracks
Are the same ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ Now a note to the president ♪
And the government
♪ And the judges
Of this place ♪
♪ We're still waitin' for you
To bring our troops home ♪
♪ Clean up that mess
You made ♪
♪ 'Cause it smells
of blood and money ♪
♪ And oil across
The Iraqi land ♪
♪ But it seems so easy here
To blind us ♪
♪ With your
"United we stand" ♪
♪ And it ain't hard to see ♪
♪ That this country
Ain't free ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ 'Cause it ain't fair
To say ♪
♪ That these tracks
Are the same ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
[EKG BEEPING]
I lost
our baby girl.
I know.
[SOBBING]
I'm so sorry.
I can't be
around her anymore, Jax.
I know.
She kicked me
in the stomach.
What kind of sick person
does that?
Why?
She thinks I'm still trying
to take the boys away from her.
She's so violent, Jax.
I don't even tell you
half the things that happen.
I didn't know.
I don't ever want her near
our children again.
I know.
Promise me.
You promise me.
I promise.
Babe, I promise.
♪ I hope you find
What you're lookin' for ♪
♪ When it all comes
Runnin' down ♪
♪ 'Cause if it dies
In the cold ♪
♪ When the clouds
Start to roll ♪
♪ Is it then that your soul
Starts to bleed? ♪
♪ 'Cause it ain't fair
To say ♪
♪ That these tracks
Are the same ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ I said, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ To the mothers
And to the fathers ♪
♪ Who've done the best
They could ♪
♪ 'Cause raisin' youngins
In a messed up world ♪
♪ It ain't so understood ♪
♪ So I'll cover my ears
I cover my eyes ♪
♪ Pretend love's the same ♪
♪ 'Cause with one
Court's signature ♪
♪ We all become erased ♪
♪ It ain't hard to tell ♪
♪ When it's love
That we sell ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ I said, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ I said, my God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
♪ So, God
If you can hear me ♪
♪ Crash this train ♪
[♪♪♪]